Scripture in the making.
what I remember fromthe book of clairvoyant 

Rough draft

I had carried the order of the sublime down to 1.5 billion of the universes age. Since I was closer

to the detonation then my mother would have been since we lived at 1395 Lyon Street vaulted

me backwards in time instead of forward and my mother forward in time up to 180 billion of the

universes age there's much more to all of this than just thi event.

A 300 g antimatter event while I was in the fire and a 450 point antimatter land mine and Justin

Herman plaza 5 g of antimatter detonated in my mouth the two singularities in the egress of

1265 Washington a high energy impact is my skull while I was on the stage in Union square the

use of speed blank death and neurotoxin injection and more to save the world from catastrophe.

The blowing up of the Moon and having carreen into the Earth the slamming of both Jupiter and

Saturn together black hole expansion of the shoemaker levy that slammed into Jupiter as well

as the black hole expansion of the singularity underneath the the Ritz-Carlton and fairmont

hotels

The story of the Olympians

By declaration of the Olympians I Douglas am Atlas the strongest man in the world otherwise

known as Aslan the Lion

The Man who bore the world upon his shoulders.

Hades one of the Olympians came to me and my Entourage and said

He is the child I have come to adore!

Battling it out in mortal Kombat in front of the Bohemian I hear the words

Hades with all of his might screaming with laughter throws Douglas at the tarmac. I under

challenge by the empress that the fireman is to be 45 seconds later bounce off the tarmac using

my expertise in Kung Fu I land six Universe rings of 60 Billion

With Hades still screaming with laughter vault him up and over and through the four kingdoms of

heaven and mount Olympus into the heavens

Hades then sends me down the street to the Olympic club with a gift from Hades to the

Olympians of welcome back to the living.

Zeus by unanimous vote of all the Olympians declars that (Douglas) He is one of us one of the

Olympians of the Universe

Atlas The Man who bore the world upon his shoulders

Little did I know at that point that I still had a significant event to do to earn that position

The near light speed collision of the highest order of the universe was at the corner of the

Westin St Francis at the intersection of Powell and Geary

It is here where two meteorites collided with each other nearly head on causing our world to

collapse into the grips of a black hole.

Seeing that matter was being sucked into that corner I had to push with all of my mind, might

and effort to turn the collapse into a black hole the other direction out into a black hole

expansion.

This is where I earned the strongest man in the universe reputation thus making me that piece

of mass of 60 kg that represents the Hubble constant. They say any universe that has no life
